Young Mistress
The Old Master
Look at this
Young Mistress
I think the Eldest Young Master
would be more comfortable staying in his own room
Since he can't enter the Ancestral hall anyway
Then I'll go put it there
Let's go back and sit down
It's cold at night, you might catch a chill
Don't worry about me
The Eldest Young Master is gone
Why torture yourself like this?
I should have gone with him
Leaving me all alone
How am I supposed to live?
Please don't cry
I'll go get you a coat
Yu Zhen
Wait for me to come back for you
Simpleton
Is that you, Simpleton?
Young Mistress, why are you here?
Simpleton
My Simpleton
Why did you leave all by yourself?
Take me with you, Simpleton
Young Mistress, don't be too sad and heartbroken
What if you cry yourself sick?
Eldest Young Master
Is he really just...
Is there any possibility
How could that be possible?
That soil was packed so tight
But what if?
Is there really no chance at all?
Young Mistress
Stop letting your imagination run wild all day
And don't mention this in front of The Old Master
Right now
He can't take any more shocks
Young Mistress
Let's go, let's go back inside
All rise
Take him to the execution ground
Simpleton, Simpleton
Simpleton, you can't leave
What will I do if you leave?
Eldest Young Master, I'm sorry
Eldest Young Master
I hope you
have a fool's luck
Guests upstairs, guests downstairs
Listen to this waiter's declaration
If you need to dump, there's paper
Don't tear up my bamboo mats
If you need to piss, there's a pot
Don't draw a map on the bed
If you need to fart, use a jar
Don't let out silent smoke in bed
You've finished all the wine
Guests upstairs, guests downstairs
Listen to this waiter's declaration
If you need to dump, there's paper
Don't tear up my bamboo mats
If you need to piss, there's a pot
Don't draw a map on the bed
If you need to fart, there's...
Where did my twice-cooked pork go?
Where do you think you're running?
Let me tell you
You'll never get away!
Get out here
Gold
Heavy reward for missing son
Which family's kid ran away?
Little dirty face
Did you just come back from catching mudfish?
When it comes to finding people
My eyes are the sharpest
Which family's young master is this?
So I can claim the reward later
And not know which door to knock on
Weiyuan rice! Weiyuan rice!
You can stuff down three bowls in one go!
It smells so good!
Zhongjiang noodles! Zhongjiang noodles!
Every strand is perfect!
They don't get mushy and look great!
Cook me a bowl, will you?
Sure thing, just take a seat.
It'll be ready in a jiffy.
Eight-Treasure Fried Cakes! Eight-Treasure Fried Cakes!
Delicious Eight-Treasure Fried Cakes!
That's exactly right.
The three division commanders stopped fighting.
But the bandits are making even more trouble.
Do you guys know?
That Ma Laohu...
In the underworld, they call him...
The man-eating Living Yama!
Those three commanders aren't pushovers.
So why can't they catch that bandit Ma Laohu?
They haven't got a clue what to do.
You're just a traveler passing through.
You don't know the ins and outs of this place.
That Ma Laohu hides right inside...
The mountains of the Tri-border Badlands.
He robs money here, then hides on the other bank.
Kills people there, then hides over here.
The three armies have a prior agreement.
No crossing borders.
So tell me, how can they suppress the bandits?
How could they?
Absurd times, different skies for different places.
Kill someone here, run to the other side,
and you get off scot-free.
Ain't that the truth.
If you ask me, those bandits...
Are gonna be hard to wipe out.
Boatman!
How much to take me across the river?
Your money's no good here.
You saying this isn't money?
It is money, sure.
But on the other bank, they won't accept it.
That's weird.
Don't people on the other side use money?
The other side is Division Commander Chen's territory.
He has his own silver dollars.
Yours are from Division Commander Liao's territory.
They don't circulate in both places.
Only Yuan Shikai dollars and gold bars work everywhere.
Weiyuan rice! Weiyuan rice!
You can stuff down three bowls in one go!
It smells so good!
Weiyuan rice! Weiyuan rice!
So the money doesn't work...
But everyone has to eat rice, right?
I'll buy up all that Weiyuan rice.
I'll give you a bag as payment.
How about it?
You're really tying a feather to a flagpole.
You've got some serious gall!
With that much rice,
if I help you ship it across,
that's smuggling.
If I get caught, I'll end up in the clink.
What smuggling?
It's rice for my own consumption.
Tell you what, I'll give you two bags.
Who's gonna believe that story?
One person eating all that rice?
I'm just an ordinary boatman.
I don't want to wade into your muddy waters.
Find someone else.
Three bags.
Three bags. If anything happens, it's on me.
Even if you gave me eight bags,
I wouldn't dare make the run.
If I actually took that across for you,
I'd be like a clay idol crossing a river—
unable to even save myself.
Immortals of the Three Realms, boundless power
We hasten to welcome you
All great deities descending
Deities, please form a line
Don't crowd together for a meeting
Lest you step on each other's backs
Jade Emperor, possess this body
Urgently order Guanyin Bodhisattva
To come and resolve your suffering
Resolve suffering
Oh, Heavens
Please make the waters recede quickly
Let the crops come back to life
Water God, have mercy
Don't drown all my grain
Buddha, save us
We have no food left at home
Bodhisattva protect us
My Buddha is merciful, saving all beings
Namo Amitabha
How did you come up with this?
Dressed up like that now
If we get caught
We'll say it's rations for the temple
They surely won't say you're smuggling
Right?
It can be sensed, not told
Amitabha
You arrogant little beggar
You caused our village to flood
Why blame me?
You kid, in our village
Dried your underpants on the Dragon King's head
The water didn't rise, nor was there a discharge
It just rained for a few days
Everywhere else is fine
Only our village got flooded
If it's not you, who is it?
That's a problem with your village's canal
Must have cut corners when building it
You can't blame me
I think you're a turtle eating coal
You black-hearted bastard
How dare you!
Today
I'm going to sacrifice you to the Dragon King
To appease his anger
Don't touch me, I ain't afraid to die
In eighteen years, I'll be a hero again
Mom
I'm coming to join you
The Bodhisattva's working miracles!
Just monks, what's the fuss?
Those bags on the boat
Look like rice!
We are saved! Saved!
The Bodhisattva has manifested!
Don't go!
You haven't paid for the immortals' meal yet!
What? What? What?
What?
Master
I knew you came to do good deeds
You're giving our whole village a way to survive
What? That's not what I meant
We can carry it
No need to trouble you, Master
I know, living Bodhisattva
You are too generous
This is simply sending charcoal in snow
My child is saved
Thanks to you. Thank you, thank you
Okay, okay, okay
Thank you
We will burn more incense and lamps for you
Thank you, thank you
Once we get through this crisis
We'll definitely offer more incense money
Fine, fine, fine
Amitabha. Thank you, thank you
You go back first
I'll go get you something to eat
Good, good, good
Monk, stealing my rice bowl?
Those are refugees, no profit to be made
Look clearly, who is robbing whom?
You great philanthropist
Move, move out of the way
Little fatty
Come here
Come down
Looking at your appearance
Doesn't look like you've gone hungry
I ate Guanyin soil
Can't shit, so I'm bloated
Don't be so jumpy.
I know you're following me.
I'm in a really bad mood right now.
Stay... stay away from me.
Have you never seen this before?
Or do you think it's fun to watch?
Turn around. Turn around.
When will you be able to find...
...that lucky general you mentioned?
That depends on fate.
He hasn't been enlightened yet.
He's still wandering among the common folk.
What does he look like?
One head, two eyes.
With a nose and a mouth below.
Does anyone have two heads?
It's not just an ordinary head.
It's a perfectly round head.
And the eyes aren't ordinary either.
They're a pair of squinty eyes.
With a protruding mouth below.
He looks a bit like a monk.
But you wouldn't be able to recognize him.
Only my wisdom eye can identify him.
I've been observing him for a long time.
What are you looking at?
You still owe me three bags of rice.
Let fate decide. Amitabha.
Don't leave just yet.
I don't have any left myself.
I think you're a pretty decent guy.
I...
...hid two bags of rice.
Here.
I'll give you a bag.
Just consider it...
...my good deed for the day.
Thanks for the rice.
It's him, it's him.
Go report to Division Commander Liao immediately.
Just say I've found his lucky general.
I will find a way to overcome all difficulties.
And bring him back.
Ask the Commander to rest assured and wait for my good news.
You just find a way.
I'll handle overcoming the difficulties.
Brother Fan.
Eldest Young Master Fan.
You died so miserably!
What are you saying?
He took the blame for us.
How can you say it's miserable?
What taking the blame?
Listen up, everyone.
We didn't do anything.
Young Master Fan's death has nothing to do with us.
We are here for the sake of our brotherhood.
To send him off on his final journey today.
From now on, regarding this matter,
none of you are to mention it again.
Do you hear me?
Got it.
Alright.
I should have guessed long ago.
So it was you guys.
Usually, our Eldest Young Master
treats you with total sincerity.
But the moment trouble strikes,
you wash your hands of him completely.
Although we did start this affair
together with Eldest Young Master Fan,
we really didn't do anything!
Fan Bao, this really has nothing to do with us.
We never even entered the Fan family gates.
The ones who really stole the grain were another gang.
The leader was a guy named Scarface.
We all saw it.
Yes, yes, yes.
What you're saying is the truth.
I'm not stupid.
I'll swear a blood oath on my brothers' lives.
I'm willing to.
Fine then, you go and
capture Scarface.
Restore our Eldest Young Master's innocence.
He plays with guns.
How would I dare provoke him?
Fine.
Then go to the elders in town
and explain it clearly. That works too.
Empty words are no proof, how can we explain?
What if they arrest us instead?
Besides, Young Master Fan is already gone.
Clearing it up is a waste of effort.
Let me tell you something.
The Eldest Young Master
is not dead.
He is not dead.
Not dead.
You're lying!
Where is he then?
He...
I want to know where he is too!
Does he still think we stole the grain?
If he comes back, will he report us?
Anyway, right now,
you help me find the Eldest Young Master first.
You won't have to say anything,
I'll explain it for you.
You don't even know where he is.
How do we find him?
Exactly.
This...
This won't work, that won't work.
Our Eldest Young Master treated you as brothers for nothing.
In short,
either you go and
capture Scarface,
or help me find the Eldest Young Master.
Otherwise, I'll go report you.
Fine.
I promise you.
We'll go find Young Master Fan.
For real?
Definitely.
Since we've decided, we'll do as we say.
Let's go, we're leaving now.
Let's go.
Now it's like yellow mud in the crotch.
It's not shit, but it looks like shit.
That idiot.
He'd even sell out his own Young Master.
Can we really stay here?
Let's just get out of here first.
Rice for sale! Selling Weiyuan rice!
No sand, no chaff, no stones mixed in!
Buy it now, take it home, hurry up!
Rice for sale! Selling Weiyuan rice!
Hello.
What do you want?
It's already mine. I won't give it back to you.
How much are you selling it for?
Ten coppers a bowl.
Buy some.
You won't be able to sell it.
None of your business.
Rice for sale! Selling Weiyuan rice!
No sand, no chaff!
No stones mixed in!
Rice for sale! Rice for sale!
My rice is ten coppers a bowl!
My rice is eight coppers a bowl!
You're like Li Kui's axes, hacking right at me, huh?
The Eight Immortals cross the sea, each showing their own skills.
If you can't win, go somewhere else.
Six! My rice is six coppers a bowl!
Six! Six!
Come on! Come on!
My rice is four coppers a bowl!
Four!
Come! Have a bowl!
Young Master.
Pitiful. It is a bit pitiful.
My rice is two coppers a bowl!
Two coppers a bowl!
Wait.
My rice costs nothing! Giving it away for free!
It's free?
Giving it away!
No money needed!
Give me some! Give me some!
You wait here. I'll go check it out.
Don't alert him.
Are you going to grab him directly?
Or is there another way?
I need to think about it again.
Then I'll think about it too.
Are you selling this for two coppers?
Only a simpleton would sell!
Your son is giving it away for free!
You won't even sell for two coppers?
What are you father and son up to?
Father and son?
Who's father and son with him?
Not selling!
Go, go, go!
Please leave, please leave, please leave.
You're cheating!
You punk!
I'm teaching you a lesson.
About the complexity of society and the dangers of the Jianghu.
Petty cleverness isn't enough.
You still need experience.
Small things reveal big truths.
The mission has changed now.
Keep a close eye on Fu Jiang.
I have other matters to attend to.
You're leaving just like that?
Then I'm leaving too.
Don't even think about running.
I could appear beside you at any moment.
Understood.
Little brother
Once my rice is sold out
I'll treat you to Eight-Treasure Oil Cake
Save those tricks for kids
You ruined my business
I'll ruin yours too
Rice for sale, rice for sale
Selling rotten rice, moldy rotten rice
Fine, fine, you're the boss
I'll sell somewhere else
Wherever you go, I'll follow
Let's see how you sell it then
Rice for sale, rice for sale, rotten rice
Selling moldy rotten rice
Grown-ups eat it and wobble about
Kids eat it and smoke comes out
What's your problem?
Wherever you go, I'll ruin it for you
Fine, sit down first
Do you believe
My one bag of rice
Can be sold for the price of five bags
You're blowing hot air
Talking absolute nonsense
It's like catching a turtle in a jar
It's in the bag
You play along with me
When I make the money
I'll give you a cut
I swear
How do we do it?
Get me some pots and pans
Seasonings and a stove
Which house do you want? You pick
Stealing?
Borrow goods, not money; favors must be returned
Don't make it sound so bad
It's borrowing
You know the rules
How do we split it?
Thirty-seventy
I get seven, you get three
No way
I'm providing so much stuff
I have to count the cost
Fifty-fifty
No way
I'm providing the skill and the idea
That counts as cost too
Thirty-seventy
This is my turf, I say what goes
This is my rice, I say what goes
I have a gang of brothers to feed
You're actually a righteous guy
Of course
Deal
Jianghu folks never flake out
You all know your tasks, right?
We know
We two will find pots and pans
We three will get eggs and seasonings
I'll go catch quails
We'll go catch small fish and shrimp
Action
I didn't run
Continue
Little Master
I have to take you back
Don't blame me
Step right up, take a look
Come see my egg fried rice
Fragrant rice, fresh eggs
Fresh and tasty, top-notch stuff
Fills your belly, tastes divine
Delicious, nutritious, and cheap
Golden bright, smells so right
Come look at my egg fried rice
It's so delicious
I've never had
Fried rice this good
Let me have a bite
Better than my mom's cooking
Give me a bite
It's really good!
Give me a bowl
Come, come, come
Egg fried rice, smelling sweet
Even without teeth, you can eat it
Every grain is golden and jumping
Cilantro and onions, perfect pairing
Eggs and shrimp, all in the mix
Even Emperor Qianlong loves it
Don't go leaking my
Ancestral secret recipe
Give me a bowl then
One bowl coming up, here
I want some too, I want some too
Not bad, I'll have a bowl too
You wait here
I'll go meet him
Your face is extraordinary
Born with a lucky look, no need to boast
A face full of nobility and splendor
Selling fried rice today
Is in your destiny
As for the future
Future? Go to the back of the line!
I am Xuanjizi, I only guide the destined
Just tell me your birth date and time
I can guarantee your meteoric rise
Get lost
You've got some tricks
Fifty-fifty split. Here's yours
I'll keep mine
Seems you really know your stuff
You can even make fried rice interesting
Couldn't tell you had skills too
You have plenty of tricks
Looking at you
You don't look like a beggar
Since we work so well together
Why not keep collaborating?
Mainly, I know where rice is cheap
Give me the money
I'll buy the rice and come back
We'll keep making fried rice
That money will be gone in two days
Listening to you just now
You must be from across the river too
That makes us fellow townsmen
We're both drifters in this world
We should help each other out
Brother
Alright
Take it to buy rice
I'll wait for you under that tree
Alright
Big Brother
Why did you come back so late?
I had to get the fried rice money
All back, didn't I?
Tomorrow we'll take Little Bit to the doctor
Find the best physician
With the rest of the money
I'll treat everyone to Zhongjiang noodles, fully loaded
For now, I brought back Eight-Treasure Oil Cakes
Go, line up outside
Boss
So, are we still doing business with that fatty?
Who'd want to hang out with him?
That guy is a Simpleton.
Why turn down a chance to make money?
The hexagram is Kan.
Positioned at the bottom six.
The Image says: Repeated Kan, entering the abyss.
Losing the way brings misfortune.
Speak plain English.
The hexagram shows...
You've fallen into the water.
And you've fallen quite deep.
The person you're waiting for won't come back.
If you'd asked me for a reading during the day...
Maybe I could've helped you avoid this disaster.
None of your damn business.
Anyone with eyes can see it.
You got played by that kid.
I have my own judgment.
Why are you so stubborn?
I'm giving you guidance.
You don't understand the ways of the world.
Fine, fine, fine.
I don't understand, I don't understand.
Then let me calculate it for you.
Were you born in the Year of the Monkey?
I'm the Monkey King himself.
My fate is up to me, not the heavens.
I never believe your nonsense.
Get lost.
You pig head.
Even if you come back with me, I can't report success.
Pig head.
The one with glasses.
Didn't you predict he wouldn't come?
He predicted *you* wouldn't come.
Don't go.
I saw it wrong, it probably isn't him.
It is him.
I have to get him back.
I don't even know if it's him.
I know.
Where's the rice?
Pick one.
Left or right?
Right.
What the heck is this?
It stinks!
I went to find you food.
Eat up.
This.
Eight-Treasure Oil Cake.
That's more like it.
Were you pulling my leg just now?
You just waited for me so honestly?
Weren't afraid I'd slip away?
And bail on you?
You couldn't possibly escape.
I've practiced the "True Scripture".
I think you're truly mental.
Don't believe me?
I'll show you right now.
See that?
There's a pumpkin there.
I'll smash it to bits instantly.
Why didn't it break?
Three days without practice, I'm rusty.
I'll hit that jar.
The jar didn't break either.
I'll use a big one to hit.
He's actually got some tricks.
He didn't hit anything.
That sucked.
I'm starving, I have no strength.
I'll hit it after I eat.
Where's the rice?
We don't want rice.
This...
Pure profit, no cost.
Cow dung!